Ohio (#35)
is-a-dev/docs: src/docs/dbh/index.md

    }
} 
```

> **Note:** In the owner section, you can add any social media handle, such as Discord. If you add another social media account, you can omit the email and Twitter fields. However, the GitHub username is mandatory.In your pr rquest dont forgot to provide a preview of the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** In the owner section, you can add any social media handle, such as Discord. If you add another social media account, you can omit the email and Twitter fields. However, the GitHub username is mandatory. In your pull request don't forgot to provide a preview of your site.
```

Reviewer 2: I've never seen such bad English lol
